Config file: add support for latest aliases (#11081)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/config-file/v2.rst

   Arbitrary Docker images are not supported.

:Type: ``string``

> :Options: ``ubuntu-20.04``, ``ubuntu-22.04``, ``ubuntu-latest-lts``

Author: @ericholscher any preference?

> :Options: ``ubuntu-20.04``, ``ubuntu-22.04``, ``ubuntu-latest-lts``

Reviewer: Will we have an `ubuntu-latest` and isn't an LTS?

> :Options: ``ubuntu-20.04``, ``ubuntu-22.04``, ``ubuntu-latest-lts``

Reviewer 2: > Will we have an `ubuntu-latest` that isn't an LTS?

No, we don't plan to do that. (see https://github.com/readthedocs/readthedocs.org/issues/8861#issuecomment-1026168933)

> But I agree with Manuel that `ubuntu-lts-latest` matches more what we're using other places.

👍🏼 --  We talked about this at https://github.com/readthedocs/readthedocs.org/issues/8861#issuecomment-1302287669

:Options: ``python``, ``nodejs``, ``rust``, ``golang``
:Required: ``true``

.. note::

>    Each tool has a ``latest`` option available, which refers to the latest version available on Read the Docs,
>    not the latest version available. Versions are updated at least once every six months.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Each tool has a ``latest`` option available, which refers to the latest version available on Read the Docs,
   which may not match with the latest version officially released by the tool.
   `latest` versions are updated every 6 months to point to the latest version officially released.
```

.. warning::

>    Using ``latest`` may break your builds unexpectedly if your project isn't compatible with the latest version of the tool when it's updated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Using ``latest`` may break your builds unexpectedly if your project isn't compatible with the newest version version of the tool released when Read the Docs upgrades to it.
```

:Options: ``python``, ``nodejs``, ``rust``, ``golang``
:Required: ``true``

.. note::

   Each tool has a ``latest`` option available, which refers to the latest version available on Read the Docs,
   which may not match the latest version officially released.

>    Versions and the ``latest`` option are updated at least once every six months to keep up with the latest releases.

Reviewer: Are we documenting what `latest` currently points to? Seems like that would be useful information, but also a pain to update.

Author: Was hoping that `(alias for the latest version available on Read the Docs)` on each tag would be enough given the list of all available versions.

Reviewer: So it's basically the same as the first item in the list?

Author: Last item
